[PXCT-1865] App Lab 21Q - Example - Gesture Booth (Gesture Recognition) (#114)
arduino/app-bricks-examples: examples/gesture-booth/README.md

# Gesture Booth

The **Gesture Booth** example uses the camera and a gesture recognition model to detect hand gestures in real-time. It features a web-based interface that provides visual feedback when a gesture is recognized and allows users to interact with the application using their hands.

![Gesture Booth Example Diagram](assets/img/GestureBoothExampleDiagram.png)

## Description

This example demonstrates real-time gesture recognition using the `gesture_recognition` Brick. The Python script captures video from the camera, processes it through the gesture recognition model, and sends the detected gesture to a web UI. The web UI displays the live camera feed and interactive elements that respond to the recognized gestures like "Open Palm", "Victory", "Thumb Up", and more.

If the user changes their gesture, the frame asset changes accordingly to provide immediate visual feedback.

![Gesture Change](assets/img/gesture-change.png)

> The model can recognize up to 2 gestures simultaneously. If 2 gestures are recognized, landmarks on the hands will appear for both. However, the first gesture to be recognized rules the frame asset and is the one shown in the right-hand UI container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model can track up to two hands simultaneously, recognizing a gesture on each one independently. When two hands are detected, landmarks appear on both. However, the first gesture to be recognized rules the frame asset and is the one shown in the right-hand UI container.
```

![Two Gestures](assets/img/2-gesture.png)

When the user takes a picture, the final downloadable image will include a frame with assets related to the detected gesture.

![Final Picture](assets/img/final-picture.png)

The `assets` folder contains the web interface components (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) and various SVG icons for the gestures. In the `python` folder, you will find the main script that coordinates the camera, the gesture recognition model, and the web communication.

> This example runs entirely on the Arduino® Uno Q or Arduino® VENTUNO™ Q, utilizing its processing power for both the AI model and the web server.

Reviewer 2: This example runs on VENTUNO Q only

Author: Fixed it. Thank you

## Bricks Used

The Gesture Booth example uses the following Bricks:

- `gesture_recognition`: Brick to detect and recognize hand gestures from a camera feed.
- `web_ui`: Brick to create a web interface for displaying the camera feed and gesture feedback.

## Hardware and Software Requirements

### Hardware

> - Arduino® Uno Q or Arduino® VENTUNO™ Q (x1)

Reviewer 2: Same applies here, only VENTUNO Q is supported

Author: Thank you! Fixed it

- USB-C® cable (x1)
- Camera (Integrated or USB camera)

### Software

- Arduino App Lab

> **Note:** You can also run this example using your Arduino® Uno Q or Arduino® VENTUNO™ Q as a Single Board Computer (SBC) using a [USB-C® hub](https://store.arduino.cc/products/usb-c-to-hdmi-multiport-adapter-with-ethernet-and-usb-hub) with a mouse, keyboard and display attached.

Reviewer 2: same comment here

Author: fixed too
